Support relative imports in AnsiballZ. (#61196)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_2.9.rst

* The ``win_get_url`` and ``win_uri`` module now sends requests with a default ``User-Agent`` of ``ansible-httpget``. This can be changed by using the ``http_agent`` key.

Writing modules
---------------

* Module and module_utils files can now use relative imports to include other module_utils files.
  This is useful for shortening long import lines, especially in collections.

  Example of using a relative import in collections:

  .. code-block:: python

    # File: ansible_collections/my_namespace/my_collection/plugins/modules/my_module.py
    # Old way to use an absolute import to import module_utils from the collection:
    from ansible_collections.my_namespace.my_collection.plugins.module_utils import my_util
    # New way using a relative import:
    from ..module_utils import my_util

  Modules and module_utils shipped with Ansible can use relative imports as well but the savings

>   aren't as great:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  are smaller:
```

  .. code-block:: python

    # File: ansible/modules/system/ping.py
    # Old way to use an absolute import to import module_utils from core:
    from ansible.module_utils.basic import AnsibleModule
    # New way using a relative import:
    from ...module_utils.basic import AnsibleModule

>   The number of dots (``.``) to use depend on the depth in the tree that the file is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Each single dot (``.``) represents one level of the tree (equivalent to ``../`` in filesystem relative links).
```
